Query Expansion Results (#51)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/appendix/query_expansion.tex

\subsubsection{Query Expansion Results}

Based on the results from \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, we wanted to test whether \gls{lda} would have better performance if given more context.

> To this end we generated extended document and topic queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test this, we extended the document and topic queries.
```

Author: ```suggestion
To test this, we generated extended document  and topic queries.
```

> All queries have been extended to be 10 times larger. So a topic query which originally had 1 word, will be extended to approximately 10 words.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All queries have been extended to be 10 times larger. 
So a topic query which originally had 1 word, will be extended to approximately 10 words.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expansion is semantically equivalent to the one described in \todo{ref query expansion section}.

```

Author: semantically equivilant virker som en meget overkill måde at sige at vi har gjordt det vi beskrev tidligere.

\autoref{tab:expansion_results} shows precision@10 and precision@100 for selected baselines using expanded queries.
As with \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, $\gls{bm25} * \gls{pr}$ has better results in the queries containing fewer words.

> With longer queries, combinations containing \gls{lda} start to take over in \autoref{tab:expansion_results} from T3-T4 for precision@10 and from T2-T4 for precision@100 .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With longer queries, combinations containing \gls{lda} start improve the original results in \autoref{tab:expansion_results} from T3-T4 for precision@10 and T2-T4 for precision@100.
```

Author: ```suggestion
With longer queries, combinations containing \gls{lda} become among the best, in \autoref{tab:expansion_results}, from T3-T4 for precision@10 and from T2-T4 for precision@100 .
```

Compared to \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, where \gls{lda} is only included in a best performing combination in T4.

Better performance for \gls{lda} gives more viability to combinations using \gls{lda} as a means to get better topic query retrieval results.
However, it should be noted that the results from \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10} suggested that \gls{lda} would become among the best baselines for all queries containing more than 4 words, which is not the case.
This is likely due to expanded queries bringing more context to the query words already present in the query, rather than bringing new context as would happen with generating longer queries.

> 

Reviewer: an other sentence talking about bring in noise to the query

\subsubsection{Query Expansion Results}

Based on the results from \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, we wanted to test whether \gls{lda} would have better performance if given more context.
To this end we generated extended document and topic queries.
All queries have been extended to be 10 times larger. 
So a topic query which originally had 1 word, will be extended to approximately 10 words.

\autoref{tab:expansion_results} shows precision@10 and precision@100 for selected baselines using expanded queries.
As with \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, $\gls{bm25} * \gls{pr}$ has better results in the queries containing fewer words.
With longer queries, combinations containing \gls{lda} start to take over in \autoref{tab:expansion_results} from T3-T4 for precision@10 and from T2-T4 for precision@100 .

> Compared to \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, where \gls{lda} is only included in a best performing combination in T4.

Author: ```suggestion
Compared to \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, where \gls{lda} is only included in a best performing combination from T4.
```

\subsubsection{Query Expansion Results}

Based on the results from \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, we wanted to test whether \gls{lda} would have better performance if given more context.
To test this, we generated extended document and topic queries, as described in \todo{ref expansion section}.
All queries have been extended to be 10 times larger. 

> So a topic query which originally had 1 word, will be extended to approximately 10 words.

Reviewer 2: Hvornår bliver det ikke 10 ord?

\autoref{tab:expansion_results} shows precision@10 and precision@100 for selected baselines using expanded queries.
As with \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, $\gls{bm25} * \gls{pr}$ has better results in the queries containing fewer words.

> With longer queries, combinations containing \gls{lda} become among the best, in \autoref{tab:expansion_results}, from T3-T4 for precision@10 and from T2-T4 for precision@100 .
> Compared to \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, where \gls{lda} is only included in a best performing combination from T4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With longer queries, combinations containing \gls{lda} become among the best, in \autoref{tab:expansion_results}, from T3-T4 for precision@10 and from T2-T4 for precision@100, compared to \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10}, where \gls{lda} is only included in a best performing combination from T4.
```

Better performance for \gls{lda} gives more viability to combinations using \gls{lda} as a means to get better topic query retrieval results.
However, it should be noted that the results from \autoref{tab:results_precision_at_10} suggested that \gls{lda} would become among the best baselines for all queries containing more than 4 words, which is not the case.
This is likely due to expanded queries bringing more context to the query words already present in the query, rather than bringing new context as would happen with generating longer queries.

\autoref{tab:expansion_map} compared to \autoref{tab:results} also shows that while \gls{lda} is still the worst model for document query retrieval, it does improve significantly given more context, going from worse by a factor of 60 down to a factor of 8.

> This makes it more worthwhile to use \gls{lda} as part of combinations, to improve topic query retrieval results, as the document retrieval performance is hurt less significantly.  

Reviewer 2: Dog er f.eks. (\gls{bm25} * \gls{lda} * \gls{pr}) kombinationen for MAP dokument query retrieval meget dårligere i forhold til de originale resultater.
